I missed you so, so, so much.
Were you good?
Yes.
What's my black car?
Charles.
What did I say?
Charles, you're a grown up.
You can't rely on a kid for money.
Come on.
Why don't we go to the car?
You look like you're starving.
Where's your boss?
Mr. Good-looking was busy.
He had to go back to work.
But you won't have time today.
Danny, for the millionth time.
I told you nothing is happening between us.
I am going to make sure.
You call Mr. Good-looking.
Don't you dare.
Charles, you want lobster?
At your service.
Mr. Good-looking?
It's me.
Do you have a time today with my mom?
No.
What's wrong with this kid?
His mom cheats on me.
He still wants me to go on a date with her?
Maybe she regrets on asking for more on the settlement.
Yeah.
Or she can keep dreaming.
I told you so.
I'm going to make sure Mr. Good-looking dates mommy.